Customer sent 3 files one is india clothing company refund policy.docx and india clothing company privacy policy and india clothing company shipping policy these three files I have attached update it in the application and they also gave some message saying that( I have entered the brand name and some other info. Please just fill the effective date and also the relevant customercare email add.

Additionally i need one more policy to cover IP and also the ensure any print or design development given to us during the customization process cannot be our responsibility if it covers and sort of infringement  and that we need to be indemnified against and action). Please read and do according to the client needful

modify the products page where 
1). Add another option called Solids under T-shirts section. 
2). Don’t show skorts trousers shorts directly instead of that place bottoms for both men’s and woman’s and kids’ under that put for men’s trousers, shorts and for women’s skorts below that trousers..
so the the current product page is correct but I want the customer initially it should be when click on t-shirt it should open the list solid below that, pattern design, printed
click on Bottoms it should open the list solid below that Trousers, shorts, according to the gender
3). In product details page ..  Remove 14 days return and free shipping and below the thumbnail you are showing 3 small images when I click on that it not showing that image so when you are allowing the admin to upload the image right there only you can allow admin to upload multiple thumbnail images total thumbnail image place the first thumbnail image as same current functionality put the other 2 thumbnail images below the thumbnail image as the current functionality when the user click on that particular thumbnail images it should be placed inplace of first thumbnail image for the preview purpose..
In admin page you adde category and  product-type both are same keep any one of them and remove other 

