Ka.Sha logo on the top left is too small. Maybe it should be the horizontal colored one. Opinion Sindhu ? agree - Completed
Ka.Sha mentioned at the Bottom of page written differently. You cannot change the font/look of the brand unless you are writing the brand name in a sentence. Completed
Ka.Sha on the tab up top is in Red??? Agree all logos should be consistent either yellow based or black and white version as shared Completed
Rather than “Shop Men’s” or “Shop Women” change to Men’s Store / Women’s Store respectively. Agree Completed
Home page image. Old man young man something is written in beige on a grey background. I can't read it. Similarly on other images too. Subbu to create these images as per colour shown in website mockup 4 html - these have dark backgrounds so text is visible. 
The collection - Makes no sense unless you say men/womens/kids. Also image there has the back showing instead of the front. And tops and bottoms are interspersed makes no sense  
Core Range? Seasonal? - what is this for ? Lot of the text is from the template remove - example seasonal etc. to be removed
Golf Trouser images everywhere are cut off.
Agree. The MEns Flair and Pro trouser images are oddly cropped. You can instead use the new images in the final folder fo these but crop in the right area.
Men’s women’s tabs to be written in clearer bigger font. 
Text under these images is too small - it was supposed to be enlarged

Look Book - Should be where a customer can in one window bring in a top they have created and place it above a bottom to see how it works. 
Fonts on the laptop & on the phone look too small & maybe darker. agree
When one clicks on the Ka.Sha logo it goes back to the home page but not at the top. Completed
Product images have only the front, other images of the back and side are not there.
Product prices are wrong
On the product page the style no. being visible is not necessary. “Printed Gift Tee - (GP001)” the GP001 is not necessary.
No UV protection so should be removed. 
Images taking long to upload. Completed
Need the IP policy. Completed
Also I see no place where the customer can add their logo or personal branding. There a 3 types of customisations: 
Where the customer wants to change the colors of different parts of the Tshirt 
Where the customer needs some size changes that are not there in the preset measurements 
A customer likes and want to buy a predesigned style however wants to add his name of logo somewhere on eh garment 
i want to encourage a customer to do some kind of customisation since then there will be no returns allowed.
There is a container/box marked Premium that is empty.  
Outfit Your Event,
Academy or Club
These should not show as clicks as there is no page linked. When custom studio starts link to them - they should link separately to bulk orders section. Completed
About US section is not there in the menu  Completed
Menu to have links as shared in the document - Men Women Kids Custom Studio About Us Connect with Us  Completed
Products not properly categorised under each section, Completed
All products should show all products eg All Products under Men’s T Shirts should show all
I added an item to may cart and it said you need to sign in 1st. I think the sign in option should be at checkout or buy on time. What do you think Sindhu?
Thereafter (After adding the item to the cart) i agreed and it gave me the option to login through my gmail account, showing me the option of pranaysomaia@gmail.com which is perfect. However, on completing the process when i clicked on go to cart. The cart was empty. Now if i’d already added to the cart then why should i need to do that again ?  
On the previous page it showed shipping as Free. but during checkout. The shipping suddenly became Rs 100. Why ?  Completed
As a customer after i have completed the process this is what it shows me. Should it not say something like Thanks you for shopping with us and or take me back to the home page for other options?
Wrong info on the invoice
GUYS THESE ARE BASIC THINGS AND IM GETTING A SENSE THAT YOU GUYS ARE NOT LOOKING AT THIS STUFF 
There is a Tshirt with someone else logo on the chest 
On the product page when the cursor is over the garment shouldnt the image magnify 
Need some younger people. i think the site gives the feel that its an old peoples sport largely. 
Also i think you guys have mixed up some womens images into the mens section please check  Completed


